all_words_in_title:
    when normalizing product title and query columns
    they get simplified, mainly because of lemmatization
    so if we have "walks" in title and "walk" in query
    then all_words_in_title will still match on that word.
    When using normalized qp the slope of the model line is a little bit steeper.
    When using only the feature all_words_in_title r-squared with normalized_qp.csv
    is 0.007. When using query_product.csv r-squared is 0.05.
    So all_words_in_title provides a better fit when using query_product.csv
    It does make sense because query_product is the real data
    and normalized_qp is "simplified" data because more words map to the same
    lemmatized word. Mainly because of the higher r-squared value 
    we used query_product.csv instead of normalized_qp.csv
    Analyze logistic classification
qfscore:
    To determine the qfscore we use the normalized product title and
    normalized search term. the coefficient is 0.1725 which makes sense
    because the higher the qfscore the higher the relevance. QF-scoring
    separates more important words from less important words where
    importance is determined by their query frequency. Reconsidering this
    we just want to predict the relevance and not think about what to return
    when there are not many answers. So qf might be not such an effective feature.
    When we look at the scatter plot though. We can see the higher the qf sum
    The less low relevance scores there are. So we are filtering out the tuples
    with lower relevance score, so this might be a good feature after all.
    And the slope is pretty high 0.1725 which is good. 
    Analyze logistic classification
titleidfscore:
    To determine the idfscore we use the normalized product title and 
    normalized search term. We separate less important words from 
    more important words where importance is determined by how
    often a word appears in the database. The more it appears
    the less important the word is, is the assumption.
    More analysis of linear regression
    More analisys of logistic classification
pdidfscore:
    To determine the idfscore we use the normalized product title and 
    normalized search term. We separate less important words from 
    more important words where importance is determined by how
    often a word appears in the database. The more it appears
    the less important the word is, is the assumption.
    More analysis of linear regression
    More analisys of logistic classification
